Okay, now that we've been able to install packages,
now let's look at what's involved in copying application.
So if we go back to this docker file here,
you can see that what I do is actually copy
the source code here directly into my working application.
If you remember, one of the things that we also will need to do is,
we'll also need to make sure that the plugins directory is also loaded.
So let's go ahead and add another line here.
Will do this and we'll say nLib,
and then we'll add that directly inside of the app directory as well.
So it's really important to make sure that not only do I copy the flask app itself,
but also in copying any additional source code or modules that are necessary.
You can see how you do that.
You just add this copy command, and then you specify
the destination directory where it needs to live.